and Photoshop can be applied as is now
I've got go to the gradient tool and
gradient palette now got course apply
the gradient just as it is there but you
might say I want to change that grading
so you can change that just by going now
just select the gradient you want to
change click that just click the actual
grading now just quickly show you again
just click it as simple as that and it
will come up with the gradient editor
now Greggy editor offers a selection of
options like the stops the color stops
as it colors you see which you can drag
just kind of drag those like now there's
2 there 3 3 over there you can drag
those along move them to pop sea Krait
the slightly different gradients I'm
just going to quickly show you the
effect of that you can see more red
get on there of course you can also
select the gradient stop just drag it
off that's it just drag it and that will
remove the grain now you have to have
two gradients widened stopped to off to
your wall so you could have like 10 and
20 gradients creighton stops so you can
just drag that along game now you've got
a midpoint too
you can make it obviously the red a lot
less so you've got more of the purple
it's not scar there now just go undo
that just apply that so you just see
very little of the red just click that
go and just can modify that now you can
also I said pad so you just basically
going to do just position what drag to
stop so you can just click there that
will take the color there so you just
click on the actually stop saying like
it don't blue okay and so now I've got
three stops gonna stick click and hold
on
maybe white some change of color there
and I can now go okay there
and apply the gradient there click on
there we go and just say new and that
will add the color gradient there into
the palette now of course I've to save
it this point up and say save but I'm
just looking to do that here
right also there's an other option
there's a noise option which gives it
offers a number of selections of color
models this was put crates brick unusual
crayons so you can lab load restrict
color randomizing goes through a whole
range of different color options click
OK and that will apply it there alright
so that's a basic step of changing the
gradient from using color stops so you
don't have to go with the current the
colors you've actually got so you can
say change that at any point and of
course you can go back to the original
design if you wish